great educators throughout the world
have been forced to streamline our
dictionaries and encyclopedias because
of the demands of modern slang selected
to perform this Herculean task of
rewriting these ponderous volumes of
knowledge is Professor Bertram Potts who
knows nothing about the subject of slang
this is research isn't it yeah certainly
who is that guy learned so much from
watching an Apple drop Isaac Newton the
law of gravity
yeah that's him and I want you to look
at me as another Apple professor Potts
just another Apple Italy I want to show
you what young young would gaze young is
the other young and here's young young
that's tacky
stick-up